h3. Quick internal link builder for Textpattern articles

*wet_quicklink* is a plugin for Textpattern which extends the article edit screen to add an easy method for defining site internal links to other articles.

Candidate articles can be chosen by a wide variety of methods, ranging from sorting by posting date or assigned section, to a live content search inside the articles' body or title.

h4. Usage

# Textpattern 4.6+ is required, wet_quicklink will _not_ work with any prior versions.
# Install both @wet_quicklink@ and @wet_peex@ as a Textpattern plugin.
# Done. If all went well, the "Content > Edit":./?event=article screen will sport a new menu entry called "Insert Link" located just above "Advanced".

Visit the "plugin help page":http://awasteofwords.com/help/wet_quicklink for more detailled instructions.

h4. Localization

@wet_quicklink@ supports its user interface in your language. English and German translations are included in the plugin itself.

For other languages, use the sample textpack below like so:

# Change the language code from @en-gb@ to the one matching your site's language settings
# Replace the two English texts right to the @=>@ symbols with your own
# Paste it into the Textpack box at the "Admin > Preferences > Language":?event=prefs&step=list_languages#text_uploader screen

This is a sample textpack to get you started:

bc. #@admin
#@language en-gb
wet_quicklink_insert_link => Insert Link
wet_quicklink_loading => Loading…

h4. Licence and Disclaimer

This plug-in is released under the "Gnu General Public Licence":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt.
